." Hi! This manual (man page) was written by dd86k.
." Please read man-pages(7) and groff_man(7) about the manual page format.
."
.TH dd-dos 1 "August 2018" dd86k "User manual"
.SH NAME
dd-dos -- Lightweight 8086/DOS virtual machine and emulation layer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dd-dos
.OP \-vPN
.RI [FILE
.IR .\|.\|. ]
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B dd-dos
is a simple 8086 virtual machine, aiming to run legacy MS-DOS applications on any platforms.

For more information regarding technical internal implementations, please see the DD-DOS Technical Reference Manual.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -v
Increments logging level by one. In release builds, this is initially set to silence. Not recommended for TUI applications.

.IP -P
Disables thread sleeping, making the host processor run dd-dos as fast as possible.

.IP -N
Supresses starting messages and banner.

.IP FILE
Pass an MZ or COM executable image to dd-dos with optional arguments for the image.

.SH ERROR CODES
This section addresses error codes, including panic error codes.

Descriptions tagged with (cli) are codes used within the command-line interface.

.EX
Code		Hex		Description
1		1H		(cli) Invalid or unknown parameter
2		2H		(cli) File not found at given location
3		3H		(cli) File could not be loaded
255		FFH		Unknown error. Defaults to LOG_CRIT
57005		DEADH		Manually initiated panic screen
.EE

.SH WARNINGS
dd-dos is still currently going under active development, you may encounter lots of bugs.

.SH NOTES
None at this moment.

.SH BUGS
Likely lots.

.SH AUTHOR
Written by dd86k.

.SH CONTACT
.UR https://github.com/dd86k/dd-dos
Homepage:
.UE

.MT devddstuff@gmail.com
Email:
.ME

.SH HISTORY
This project started in early January 2017.