." Hi! This manual (man page) was written by dd86k.
." Please read man-pages(7) and groff_man(7) about the manual page format.
."
.TH DD/86 1 "January 2019" dd86k "User manual"
.SH NAME
dd86 -- Lightweight x86/DOS virtual machine and emulation layer

.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dd86
.OP \-vPN
.RI [FILE
.IR .\|.\|. ]
.YS

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B DD/86
is a simple 8086 virtual machine, aiming to run legacy MS-DOS applications on any platforms.

For more information regarding technical internal implementations, please see the DD/86 Technical Reference Manual.

.SH OPTIONS
.IP -v
Increments logging level by one. In release builds, this is initially set to silence. Not recommended for TUI applications.

.IP -P
Disable thread sleeping and cycle timing mechanisms.

.IP -N
Do not show starting messages.

.IP FILE
Start a program (COM, MZ), all additional after this accounts for FILE.

.SH ERROR CODES
This section addresses error codes, including panic error codes.

Descriptions tagged with (cli) are codes used within the command-line interface.

.EX
Code		Hex		Description
1		1H		(cli) Invalid or unknown parameter
2		2H		(cli) File not found at given location
3		3H		(cli) File could not be loaded
255		FFH		Unknown error. Defaults to LogLevel.Critical
57005		DEADH		Manually initiated panic screen
.EE

.SH WARNINGS
This project is still currently going under active development.

.SH NOTES
None at this moment.

.SH BUGS
Likely a lot. Please file an Issue on Github if you find any.

.SH AUTHOR
The DD/86 project, the DD/86 Technical Reference Manual, and this manpage was
written by dd86k.

.SH CONTACT
.UR https://github.com/dd86k/dd86
Homepage:
.UE

.MT devddstuff@gmail.com
Email:
.ME

.SH HISTORY
This project started in early January 2017.